Add docs for TS `optimizeConstEnums` option (#2550)
babel/website: docs/plugin-transform-typescript.md

}
```

### `optimizeConstEnums`

`boolean`, defaults to `false`

Added in: `v7.15.0`

When set to `true`, Babel will inline enum values rather than using the usual `enum` output:
```typescript
// Input
const enum Animals {
  Fish
}
console.log(Animals.Fish);

// Default output
var Animals;

(function (Animals) {
  Animals[Animals["Fish"] = 0] = "Fish";
})(Animals || (Animals = {}));

console.log(Animals.Fish);

// `optimizeConstEnums` output
console.log(0);
```

> This option differs from TypeScript's `--isolatedModules` behavior, which ignores the `const` modifiers compiling them as normal enums, and aligns Babel's behavior with the TypeScript default behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option differs from TypeScript's `--isolatedModules` behavior, which ignores the `const` modifier and compiles them as normal enums, and aligns Babel's behavior with TypeScript's default behavior.
```
